# SI507-Final-Project
Data sources used in this project are two web APIs including Yelp Fusion API and The Movie DB. There are mainly three types of data used in this project. The restaurants and movie data will be requested from Yelp Fusion API, and the movie information will be acquired from The Movie DB. The program will request all data though API and cache the result into a cache file. Also, the cached result will be unpacked and stored into the database. To access the data sources, users will enter the command start with “restaurant”, “movie”, “theater”, or “plan” to interact this the program. To achieve project’s ultimate objective, it requires users to select their preferred restaurant, movie, and theater. When users enter their commands, the program will first search the result in the database. If there no matching result from the database, it will request all information from API and store the new results into the database. As the number of searches used in the project increases, the response time of the program will decrease. To choose a restaurant, users are required to enter “restaurant” followed by zip code and preferences, for example, “restaurant 48103 Chinese food”. return top 10 Chinese food restaurants ordered by rating in that area. It will ask users for two types of data presentation methods (map and histogram), users are required to enter “y” to choose should they want any form of data presentation. Then, users are required to select a restaurant by ID that they want to know more about. Once users have decided, they will required to enter “select” to decide which restaurant they will going. Then, the program will ask user to choose the movie they want to watch. After users enter “movie”, the program will update the movie database and return 10 movies first ordered by popularity. Users can select if they want to see a scatter plot relating to ratings and popularity of each movie. Users will select the ID number and enter “select” to choose their movie. Then, the program will ask users to search and select the theater, and it has the same functionality and process as the restaurant selection function. After the restaurant, movie, and theater are selected, users can enter “plan” to get the final result. The program will generate the plan and a map for the weekend. 
Three function that work as the cores of the program are resturant, theater, movie_results. The restaurant will search the data for matching using re_database_search, and if there is no matching result, it will call re_yelp_results to get the information from API. The theater will search the data for matching using theater_database_search, and if there is no matching result (theater near by the selected restaurant), it will call theater_results to get the information from API. Both re_database_search and theater_database_search will search either for ID (the primary key of the database) or user input in the database depend on the function that the users are using. The movie_results will update the database every time the result runs it can return the movie results. 
 
